README.md, before:

# Dash 4 Cash
This app was created as the final project for my course in Front-End Engineering at The Iron Yard in St. Petersburg, FL.

##TODO
- track donations
- separate donation modules for
  - profile page (showing my TOTAL donations & my group's TOTAL donations)
  - group page (showing my total donations TO THAT GROUP and the TOTAL DONATIONS OF THAT GROUP - sorry for shouting)
[x] get page to automatically scroll to the top of a page when changing pages


###Home Page
- backdoor for people who don't have Strava or maybe some other type of login? (especially for Demo Day)

Stretch Goals...
- add progress indicators (dots?)
- Parallax effect?

Profile Pages
- style for displaying MyStats
- Donate button needs to bring up DonateModal
- Add a button to go to MyGroups?

My Groups Pages
- style input field to create new Groups
- style group links
- make the number of members go up

Add Members modal
- better text
- functional?

Group Pages
- style leaderboard and make as a component
- start breaking out components
  - add Members button

Donate modal
- needs to include fields for
  - First name
  - Last name
- Styling for the group drop-down selector

InnerFooter
- fill to bottom of page

About Pages
- text
- basic styling

Contact
- basic email form and social media stuff?
- text

Help
- text
- breadcrumbs?

###Javascripty Stuff
- display profile pic in navbar
- My Groups page
  - Group name
  - # of members
  - profile pic for background
- after login with Strava direct users to Profile page.



###Database schema
- users can start groups
- members can make donations to their preferred charity
- if a member of a group wins their weekly "dash" the total given to the group for that week goes to the charity of their choice.
-

Commit message:

updated ReadMe with task list format

README.md, after:

# Dash 4 Cash
This app was created as the final project for my course in Front-End Engineering at The Iron Yard in St. Petersburg, FL.

##TODO / Task List
- [x] get page to automatically scroll to the top of a page when changing pages- []track donations
- [ ] close navbar with click anywhere OUTSIDE the nav.
- [] separate donation modules for
  - [] profile page (showing my TOTAL donations & my group's TOTAL donations)
  - [] group page (showing my total donations TO THAT GROUP and the TOTAL DONATIONS OF THAT GROUP - sorry for shouting)
-

Stretch Goals...
- [] add progress indicators (dots?)
- [] Parallax effect on home page?

###Home Page
- backdoor for people who don't have Strava or maybe some other type of login? (especially for Demo Day)

Profile Pages
- style for displaying MyStats
- Donate button needs to bring up DonateModal
- Add a button to go to MyGroups?

My Groups Pages
- style input field to create new Groups
- style group links
- make the number of members go up

Add Members modal
- better text
- functional?

Group Pages
- style leaderboard and make as a component
- start breaking out components
  - add Members button

Donate modal
- needs to include fields for
  - First name
  - Last name
- Styling for the group drop-down selector

InnerFooter
- fill to bottom of page

About Pages
- text
- basic styling

Contact
- basic email form and social media stuff?
- text

Help
- text
- breadcrumbs?

###Javascripty Stuff
- display profile pic in navbar
- My Groups page
  - Group name
  - # of members
  - profile pic for background
- after login with Strava direct users to Profile page.



###Database schema
- users can start groups
- members can make donations to their preferred charity
- if a member of a group wins their weekly "dash" the total given to the group for that week goes to the charity of their choice.
-
